README.md, before:

# System Programming Final Project
### Group: PID Wilson
- I Made Gede Surya Nirvana Prima Murthi (1806173550)
- Wan Muhammad Rayhan Arwindra (1806241210)
- Wilson Hadi Junior (1806241236)

## Project Description

### Task
#### Low-tier Category
- [x] Compile and apply your custom kernel to existing Linux OS (Included in Worksheet)
- [x] Creating a simple script to simulate the usage of Device Driver (Included in Worksheet)

#### Mid-tier Category
- [x] Remove unused kernel modules
- [x] Controlling Additional Devices (other than simulation from Low-Tier Category) using Device Driver

#### High-tier Category​
- [ ] Create an application (Web or Command Line Interface) to manage Device Driver
- [ ] The application in (a) will automatically start from the beginning of turning on the system
- [ ] Booting under 5 seconds, including executing the application in (b) (Reviewed using ​systemd-analyze​)

#### Documentation
- [Progress](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1cp-NusY-GEChxett3vuphKv9iJlGm1zdw3UTWr5BVzE/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Artifacts](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1LRFFlWTRxwhRi2HtoFU6U6BRAID81ICJ)
- Final Report: soon

### Instructions

1. Run driver.sh bash script
2. Choose (1-2) which device driver parameters to manipulate
3. Enter new value for chosen device driver parameter
4. Choose option 3 to exit script

Commit message:

Add rate in bash script and edit README

README.md, after:

# System Programming Final Project
### Group: PID Wilson
- I Made Gede Surya Nirvana Prima Murthi (1806173550)
- Wan Muhammad Rayhan Arwindra (1806241210)
- Wilson Hadi Junior (1806241236)

## Project Description

### Task
#### Low-tier Category
- [x] Compile and apply your custom kernel to existing Linux OS (Included in Worksheet)
- [x] Creating a simple script to simulate the usage of Device Driver (Included in Worksheet)

#### Mid-tier Category
- [x] Remove unused kernel modules
- [x] Controlling Additional Devices (other than simulation from Low-Tier Category) using Device Driver

#### High-tier Category​
- [ ] Create an application (Web or Command Line Interface) to manage Device Driver
- [x] The application in (a) will automatically start from the beginning of turning on the system
- [ ] Booting under 5 seconds, including executing the application in (b) (Reviewed using ​systemd-analyze​)

#### Documentation
- [Progress](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1cp-NusY-GEChxett3vuphKv9iJlGm1zdw3UTWr5BVzE/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Artifacts](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1LRFFlWTRxwhRi2HtoFU6U6BRAID81ICJ)
- [Final Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/137rd_egEkkyna0w9BgRrm9qK0gNyYm80J0UWFsm-lZc/edit?usp=sharing)

### Instructions

1. Login using user, with password sysprog2019
2. The program will be automatically launched
3. Choose (1-2) which device driver parameters to manipulate
4. Enter new value for chosen device driver parameter
5. Choose option 3 to exit script
